Welcome to this edition of Appalling
Twistianity.
We're continuing to review the most
amazing song ever written.
It is the Eighty-Ninth Psalm.
It was scribed by God Himself.
The subject is His beloved son,
the Messiah, our Savior,
and returning King, Dowd.
The reason that we turned to the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr or Psalm at relatively
close to the beginning of our review of
the Christian New Testament and
denouncement of Jesus Christ is that the
Psalm absolutely and unequivocally
destroys every aspect of the Christian
religion.
If you were to read the Eighty-Ninth
Psalm, study it as we are doing,
you would come to the conclusion that
there is no possibility whatsoever that
there was a Jesus Christ who stole Dowd's
titles,
his accolades, and his achievements.
Now,
the fact is you really don't need this
Psalm
to know that Christianity is a farce.
I mean,
let's just be honest with one another.
God is not a man.
Men cannot kill God.
The actual Messiah and Son of God is
Dowd according to God.
The notion that Paul,
a self-described demon-possessed sexual
pervert,
was chosen by God to contradict Him and
to come up with an entirely different plan
while alleging that the Towrah could not
save has to be among the dumbest theories
to ever become a religion. If you are
a Christian, shame on you. That said, God
was a bit more descriptive and
verifying everything that pertains to His
beloved son, our Messiah and Savior, Dowd,
so that you would know,
so that His people would know that when
he arrived,
because this Psalm was written in nine
sixty-eight BCE,
one thousand years exactly to the year
that Dowd arrived in
Year Four Thousand.
Yeah.
That they should have been expecting him.
They should have known exactly who he was
and what he was doing there.
So this was written so they would
understand it.
Unfortunately,
Jews have been oblivious to God's
testimony for the better part of thirty-five
centuries and nothing has changed.
So even now,
when it's pointed out to them, they go,
I won't believe it.
It's just stunningly lame.
But religion is the most dehumanizing,
debilitating force in the history of
humanity.
So continuing what was written by God
pursuant to His Messiah with the
realization that the previous statements
were all specifically directed at
Jews for denying the Messiah,
denying Dowd as the Son of God,
denying everything that Dowd had achieved.
He goes on to say,
adding to this resentment,
God's calling the Jewish antagonism
towards His beloved son,
the Messiah and returning King Dowd.
Resentment that they begrudge him.
You are turned around again, shuwb.
Shuwb is a loaded term because God says
that He is not shuwb returning to Israel
and to Jews until Yehuwdym and the
Israelites shuwb return to Him.
So adding to the resentment,
you are turned around again.
Having assaulted, besieged, bound up,
and constrained, tsuwr, the rocky crag.
The Rocky Crag is both the place that
the light of Yahowah first appeared to
Moseh, and it is the author,
first name of the author of the series
of thirty-five books known as Yada
Yahowah.
Because this is a battle over Choreb.
If you listen to what God revealed in
His Towrah at Choreb,
then you are not going to be fooled
by Paul or by Akiva or by Muhammad.
It all goes back to understanding what God
said in the Towrah at Choreb,
such that you do not stand with Him
and you do not support Him.
Because Jews are not actually Towrah
observant. Because they're actually
clueless regarding the Towrah because their
entire focus is on their Talmud and other
rabbis. They do not stand with their
Messiah. They do not support the Messiah.
They instead deny him. But Maimonides said
God is incorporeal.
They said that He cannot have a son,
but God says that Dowd is His son.
They say they're awaiting some unknown
Messiah to return at some unknown date
when Dowd is clearly the Messiah,
and he is returning on a date certain.
And therefore,
God says this is a conflict.
Eighty-Nine Forty-Three.
Now,
there are a plethora of tantalizing
insights in this statement,
beginning with the realization that its
primary connotation is to engender
resentment and wrath.
Those who continue to turn against Dowd as
the Messiah, the chosen one, our Savior,
the former and returning King,
will endure the sting of his judgment.
Also interesting,
while tsuwr is rendered as the edge in
the Jewish Publications Society Holy
Scriptures according to the Masoretic
Text, it was scribed as a verb.
There was no definite article in the text,
and edge is not among tsuwr's meanings when
presented as a noun.
Had it been written as a noun,
our options would have been rocky crag,
sharp flint, or stone.
And the qal infinitive tsuwr is not only
active,
but also intensifies the ongoing action of
laying siege, enclosing, binding up,
confining in a hostile and harassing
fashion.
These connotations fit this context
because these perpetrators have engendered
Yahowah's wrath and they continue as Jewish
religious leaders trying to constrain the
Savior by assaulting his achievements.
Further,
if we're to read rocky crag into this
depiction,
it was upon this sharp rocky edifice that
Yahowah first revealed His fiery light to
Moseh and the Children of Israel upon
Mount Choreb,
where He would also reveal His name,
which Jews have erased, and His Towrah,
which Jews have replaced with their
Talmud.
Moreover,
it is my contention that since Dowd's song is
the cornerstone of the Covenant home,
and that it was revealed in the Yowbel
year of three thousand Yah,
right in the center of our time from
the garden and back to the garden,
which would have made it nine sixty-eight
BCE,
four years into Solomon's reign as
construction began on Yahowah's home,
that he is the cornerstone.
The beshar heralding Dowd's contribution to
our lives is also named Craig,
which is the Celtic transliteration of
tsuwr Craig.
That's a very effective communicator.
There are no coincidences.
Furthermore,
the Hebrew name for the mountain upon
which Yahowah introduced Himself to Moseh
and then revealed His Towrah is Choreb.
Spelled the same way in the text,
it also serves as the Hebrew word for
dry and desolate, battle and conflict,
sword and chisel.
And while we can choose any definition
that fits within the sentence,
it's prudent to include every viable
connotation so as not to deprive anyone of
its full intent.
That's the whole nature of amplification,
which is the very style that Yahowah has
and continues to deploy.
In this case,
I see Dowd standing between the two
mountains of God, Choreb and Mowryah,
bringing the Towrah to the heart of the
land and fulfilling it in the city of
Dowd.
This is not only evident by the King's
marvelous dissertation on the Towrah's
teaching in the hundred and nineteenth
Mizmowr or Psalm,
but also by his serving as the Pesach
'Ayl, the Passover Lamb.
Now in this battle for the souls of
humankind,
the religious are on one side,
and Father and Son are on the other,
pursuing a relationship.
And while Judaism and Christianity have
written Yahowah and Dowd, Choreb and Mowryah,
the Towrah and the Miykra' out of their
story, well,
they are holding a losing hand because
they're featured in Yahowah's narrative.
Now, during this war on words, the
ultimate question boils down to where we
stand with Dowd because this characterizes
where we stand with God. Therefore, with the
exception of those who have come to know
Yahowah and His beloved son, many if not
all through these books, this remains true
of everyone else. You have truncated,
causing a cessation to all of the work.
Shabbat,
you have made this like a Shabbat for
doing nothing.
Removing and taking away from his
purveying or purifying brilliance and
means to restore along with his glorious
status and his position of honor, dignity,
Revealed in the exact center of mankind's
journey out of the garden and back to
Gan 'Eden.
Revealing this in year three thousand,
Yah, nine sixty-eight BCE.
Yah,
what through the lyrics of Dowd's song.
Made it the ultimate marker in time.
A cornerstone, if you will.
One thousand years to the day on Pesach
in year four thousand, Yah,
God's beloved son served as the Zarowa',
the sacrificial lamb,
and he fulfilled Pesach, then Matsah,
taking our religious guilt and deposited
it in She'owl.
And then Bikuwrym, where the Bikowr,
Firstborn Son of Yah,
enabled us to become God's firstborn
children, to redeem the Covenant family,
to enable the Covenant's blessings and
benefits.
Forty Yowbel thereafter.
He would return and will return to
reconcile the remnant of Yisra'el by
anointing the mercy seat of the Ark of
the Covenant on Yowm Kipurym.
The thought of the Messiah suffering in
this manner,
crucified as he describes his own
suffering on Pesach,
and then entering hell on Matsah.
It's hard to fathom from our perspective,
but not from his Father's or from his
own.
What are two hellish days compared to an
eternity with one's Father and family,
with thousands of Covenant members now at
home as a result of his sacrifice?
The anguishing memory would fade while the
Covenant he enabled would endure and grow
and glow forever.
The three epochs of Forty Yowbel,
each lasting two thousand years.
Yowbel is a year, seven times seven,
forty-nine plus one,
where all debts are forgiven.
All captives, slaves,
indentured workers are freed.
And the land is returned.
The wonderful picture of what God is
doing.
Forty Yowbel.
Each lasting two thousand years may seem
like an interminable period.
However,
for God and for those with Him in
the spiritual realm of the heavens of the
seventh dimension,
it equates to the blink of an eye.
Time is relative,
albeit not here on earth for us now.
The period from the expulsion from 'Eden to
the affirmation of the Covenant with
'Abraham,
allowing us to reenter would be forty
Yowbel, or should be forty Yowbel.
Another two thousand years would pass from
our perspective,
looking back until Father and Son
delivered the benefits of the Covenant by
fulfilling Pesach,
Un-Yeasted Bread and Firstborn Children.
In year four thousand, Yah,
thirty-three CE.
And from the fulfillment of the first
three Mow'edym in year four thousand,
Yah,
to the return of Father and Son to
fulfill the final three Miykra'e
in year six thousand, Yah,
forty Yowbel will pass,
bringing us to twenty thirty-three.
Just eight years from now.
This is the duration of things,
God's timing as these events play out and
we witness them.
So much of it revolves around Dowd,
the Messiah, the Son of God,
the Chosen One, the Passover Lamb,
our returning King,
that this song was written to commemorate
him and them.
So rest assured.
Yahowah did not conceive humankind for us
to be religious or antagonistic.
Therefore, to save us from ourselves,
Father and Son resolved the issues which
separate us and composed these lyrics to
showcase their resolve.
And now, three thousand years later,
I am sharing and explaining their thoughts
to prepare the people who are willing to
listen for the harvest and for their
return.
As we have discovered,
Yahowah initiates the relationships He
desires for us to form,
leaving our responses subject to our own
freewill.
He picks and chooses from among the men
and women who either amuse Him or impress
Him, or maybe both,
or just pique His interest in some way.
They all share something in common,
however,
in that each has walked away from religion
and politics prior to Yah's introduction.
They are all willing to listen and then
go where His words lead.
Freewill, of course, works both ways.
Yahowah enjoys it,
which is why He offered it to us.
So since it is His universe and His
home,
He is entitled to invite whomever He
pleases to spend an eternity with Him in
it so long as He is consistent in
His approach.
That isn't to say that it is impossible
to find Yahowah independently.
But as the previous statement suggests,
God is hidden from most people
because the preponderance of people are
either religious, political,
conspiratorial, patriotic, militant,
or too otherwise distracted to learn the
truth.
But more than any other reason to explain
why so few know Him,
it's because men like Paul have plagued
the world with their lies.
So just like Sha'uwl was called out by
name and condemned as the Plague of Death
in Chabaquwq | Habakkuk,
the Son of Evil is similarly identified in
the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr | Psalm.
He authored the New Testament's first
fourteen books,
the most deadly tomes ever inspired.
And then he was the one who influenced
Mark, Luke, the Book of Acts,
and ultimately Matthew.
If that were not bad enough, in response
to his demonic appeal, Akiba and his
accolytes would conceive Judaism in
rebuttal. What man of great strength and
character empowered to prevail lives and
will not witness death
as a result of the Plague.
Saving his soul from the hand and
influence of Sha'uwl.
Pause now and consider what this implies.
Mizmowr
lyrics to sing Psalm Eighty-Nine
Forty-Eight. And after a quick review of
this we will conclude this program.
Gibowr is from gabar. It's from gabar.
It's the attribute most often ascribed to
the Messiah and Son of God, our Savior,
Dowd.
Dowd was a great man, a strong man,
a man of character,
one with the capacity and power to
prevail,
a man of conviction,
of confidence, of courage.
And this great man lives.
Even though Paul and Peter both said that
he was dead and buried and excluded from
heaven, God is saying he lives.
Just as God lives, Dowd lives.
Dowd is God's beloved son.
If Dowd were not alive,
there would be no purpose for any of
this.
We might as well all do our own
thing because there is no God.
And we are all just part of a
chaotic system.
God proved His identity.
So there is a God.
He did so through prophecy.
And God told us about the ultimate gibowr.
He lives.
He will never witness death.
His body was freely offered on Pesach.
His body wore out in his seventieth year
and his first of three lives was taken
through crucifixion and his second of
three lives.
And it will return and be used when
he sees fit in his third of three
lives.
But Dowd doesn't die between them.
He doesn't suffer death as a result of
the Plague of Death, who is Sha'uwl,
according to Chabaquwq.
His soul, his nepesh, is always saved,
is protected from
the hand and influence of the
demon-possessed Sha'uwl.
Sha'uwl shares the same name with the man
who was also demon-possessed during Dowd's
first life,
the man who sought to kill Dowd.
Shares the same name with the man who
killed Dowd in his letters.
A man who also admitted that he was
demon-possessed.
A man who
Yahowah,
six hundred and sixty years before Paul
would pen his first letter,
that to the Galatians in fifty-two CE,
would call Paul the Plague of Death.
Sha'uwl is the single most destructive man
in human history up to this point.
Muhammad is the second,
also demon-possessed.
And the third is just now beginning the
rise of the fourth Reich.
Another man who is demon-possessed,
Donald Trump.
He is the Antichrist.
And if you were to put Akiba and
Maimonides into that group,
you'd have the five worst men in human
history.
These are the demon-possessed individuals
that sought to rob Dowd of his
achievements, his accolades,
and everyone on earth of the benefit of
what he has accomplished.
And it is our purpose,
the purpose of Yada Yahowah,
the purpose of the Yahowah blog,
to correct that great crime.
I thank you for listening.
NOTE: Cleaned and proofread on December 11, 2025. The file is fully complete.